This repository uses, among other things, the Uno Theme by Josh Gerdes, which is published under the MIT License. The original files of the Uno Theme are still subject to this license, as outlined below. However, all modifications, customizations, content, and images created by the author of this repository are expressly protected by copyright. These may not be used, reproduced, or distributed without prior written permission from the author.

Below is the original license agreement for the Uno Theme, which is part of this repository:



The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 Josh Gerdes

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Dieses Repository verwendet unter anderem das Uno Theme von David Welches, das unter der MIT-Lizenz veröffentlicht wurde. Die Originaldateien des Uno Themes unterliegen weiterhin dieser Lizenz, die im Folgenden aufgeführt ist. Für alle Änderungen, Anpassungen, Inhalte und Bilder, die von dem Autor dieses Repositories erstellt wurden, gilt jedoch ausdrücklich der Urheberschutz. Diese dürfen ohne vorherige schriftliche Genehmigung des Autors nicht verwendet, reproduziert oder verbreitet werden.

Nachstehend die Original-Lizenzvereinbarung des Uno Themes, das Bestandteil dieses Repositories ist:




The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 Josh Gerdes

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
